documentation/source/index.md, before:

---
title: BJCree - Documentation
fontversion: 6.000
---

Thank you for your interest in the BJCree fonts. The BJCree typeface was originally designed in conjunction with the Naskapi
community in the 1990s. When it was subsequently re-encoded for Unicode,
coverage was extended for all the Cree (and Ojibwa) languages. 

This documentation is a set of HTML pages that can be viewed in any modern web browser. PDF versions of these pages are also provided. This content, plus download links and a contact form, are available from the [BJCree site](https://software.sil.org/bjcree/).

- [About](about.md) — Information about this project and SIL Global
- [Resources](resources.md) — Help with installation and use
- [FAQ](faq.md) — Common questions and answers
- [Design](design.md) — History and background of the design
- [Character set support](charset.md) — Details of Unicode characters that are supported
- [Font features](features.md) — Using smart font features
- [Support](support.md) — How to get additional support
- [Developer information](developer.md) — How to modify and build the fonts
- [Versions](versions.md) - Sources for alternate versions
- [Version history](history.md) - Complete version history

Additional information is also provided in other project files: [README.txt](../README.txt), [OFL.txt](../OFL.txt), [OFL-FAQ.txt](../OFL-FAQ.txt), and [FONTLOG.txt](../FONTLOG.txt).

Commit message:

Update documentation to use newer .css versions and add a sample.md file. [nobuild]

documentation/source/index.md, after:

---
title: BJCree - Documentation
fontversion: 6.000
---

Thank you for your interest in the BJCree fonts. The BJCree typeface was originally designed in conjunction with the Naskapi
community in the 1990s. When it was subsequently re-encoded for Unicode,
coverage was extended for all the Cree (and Ojibwa) languages. 

This documentation is a set of HTML pages that can be viewed in any modern web browser. PDF versions of these pages are also provided. This content, plus download links and a contact form, are available from the [BJCree site](https://software.sil.org/bjcree/).

- [About](about.md) — Information about this project and SIL Global
- [Resources](resources.md) — Help with installation and use
- [FAQ](faq.md) — Common questions and answers
- [Design](design.md) — History and background of the design
- [Character set support](charset.md) — Details of Unicode characters that are supported
- [Type Sample](sample.md) — Type sample demonstrating all the characters in this font
- [Font features](features.md) — Using smart font features
- [Support](support.md) — How to get additional support
- [Developer information](developer.md) — How to modify and build the fonts
- [Versions](versions.md) - Sources for alternate versions
- [Version history](history.md) - Complete version history

Additional information is also provided in other project files: [README.txt](../README.txt), [OFL.txt](../OFL.txt), [OFL-FAQ.txt](../OFL-FAQ.txt), and [FONTLOG.txt](../FONTLOG.txt).
